## Promise 

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

<ul>
<li>PROMISE object represents the eventual completion/failure of an async operation + its resulting value.
<li>Proxy for a value not necessarily known
<li>Allows asyn to act like sync: return a promise to supply the value at some point in the future rather than asap
<li>Promise is either: pending, fulfilled, or rejected 
<li>after fulfilled or rejected, acts on the promise's THEN
</ul>

    Promise.prototype.then() 
    Promise.prototype.catch() 
    Promise.prototype.finally()

<ul>
<li>Promises can be chained
</ul>

    promise.then()
    promise.catch()
    promise.finally()

## Destructuring assignment

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment

<ul>
<li> breakin' it downnnn
<li>syntax that makes it possible to unpack values from arrays or properties from objects, into distinct values
</ul>

    let a, b, rest;
    [a, b] = [10, 20];

    [a, b, ...rest] = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50];
    console.log(rest);
    // expected output: Array [30,40,50]
    //SPREAD! ...

## Spread (...)

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax

<ul>
<li> allows an iterable (eg array expression or string) to be expanded (SPREAD) in places where 0+ arguments (for fucntion calls) or elements(array literals) are expected, OR allows an object expression to be expanded in places where 0+ key-value pairs (for object literals) are expected.
</ul>

    function sum(x, y, z) {
    return x + y + z;
    }

    const numbers = [1, 2, 3];

    console.log(sum(...numbers));
    // expected output: 6

    console.log(sum.apply(null, numbers));
    // expected output: 6

<ul>
<li>SYNTAX:
</ul>

    For function calls:
    myFunction(...iterableObj);

    For array literals or strings:
    [...iterableObj, '4', 'five', 6];
    
    For object literals:
    let objClone = { ...obj };

## Rest parameters

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/rest_parameters

<ul>
<li>this syntax allows us to represent an indefinite number of arguments as an array.
</ul>

    function sum(...theArgs) {
    return theArgs.reduce((previous, current) => {
    return previous + current;
    });
    }

    console.log(sum(1, 2, 3));
    // expected output: 6

    console.log(sum(1, 2, 3, 4));
    // expected output: 10

<ul>
<li> A function's last parameter can be prefixed with (...) which will cause all remaining (user-supplied) arguments to be placed within a "standard" JS array.
<li>Different between rest params and the "arguments" object: 
    <ul>
    <li>rest params are only the ones that haven't been given a separate name while the arguments object contains all arguments passed to the function;
    <li>the arguments object is not a real array, while rest parameters are Array instances (methods like sort, map, forEach or pop can be applied on it directly);
    <li>the arguments object has additional functionality specific to itself.
    </ul>
</ul>

## TDD Where Did It All Go Wrong?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ05e7EMOLM

<ul>
<li>often there's more test code than implementation code <li>stigma that TDD is a bad idea because it slows the process-- better off getting feedback from users
<li>tests can be slow, interrupt process
<li>sometimes difficult to understand their content
<li>the practices that we have added to TDD have led us away from the original intentions of TDD
<li>the trigger in TDD for creating a new test is that you have a requirment you're wanting to implement which is what you're writing a test for
<li>test the public API. 
<li>Test behaviors
<li>Think about code as an API
<li>Test the abstraction, not the implementation!
<li>Refactoring is a must, but no new tests when refactoring happens (problem)
<li>you should get use cases eg here is the "story"/use case, and write tests to prove that you can do that. 
<li> eg "given when then".
<li>- If you're not really sure, write tests for implementation (delete the tests)
<li>Not classes, behaviours
<li>Don't isolate classes in testing
<li>Private methods (these are implementation details)

## What the heck is an event loop anyway?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ

<ul>
<li>event loop inside JavaScript:
<li>JS is a single threaded runtime (can do one thing at a time)
<li>The stack tells us where we are in the code.
<li>Sometimes code is slow (blocking)
<li>Eg on button click, blocking —> can’t do anything else (browser stuck). FIX: asynchronous callbacks
</ul>