## Clean Code 
NAMING: should be distinguishable, pronouncable, searchable, and easy to remember. 
classes and object should be nouns
methods should be verbs (duh)
no jokes in naming!
one word per concept
CONSISTENCY
renaming is always an option, if it can be improved

## Array Methods
forEach() - loops over array items
includes() - does the array include the item passed in the method?
filter() - creates new array with elements that match the provided condition
map() - creates new array by calling a function for each element
reduce() - applies a function against an accumulator to reduce it to a single value
some() - checks if at least one of array's elements passes a condition. Returns true or false
every() - checks if all array's items pass the condition. Returns true or false
sort() - sorts items in either ascending/descending order
Array.from() - changes anything that is iterable into an array
Array.of() - creates an array from arguments passed in

## Class Syntax
    class Here {
      constructor(name) {
      this.name = name
      }
      method(){
        //function to be run when method is called
      }
    }

## MDN - Classes
Classes are a template for creating objects 
Class syntax has two components (class expressions and class declarations)
Function declarations are hoisted, class declarations aren't 
You have to declare class and then access it
The constructor method is a special method for creating and initializing an object created with a class
The static keyword defines a static method for a class 
Static methods are called without instantiating their class and cannot be called through a class instance

## MVC Tutorial
Model View Controller - a predictable software design pattern that can be used across many frameworks.

MVC separates concerns into one of three groups:

Model - stores and manages data. Often a database.
View - GUI
Controller - brains of the application Receives input from view, uses logic to translate input to a demand for the model.
The model, view and controller don't depend on each other, and they all act independently of each other.

## MVC Architecture
model, view, controller

Model - like data model. Everything that we are keeping track of for the user and how we store that data.
View - the UI of the project
Controller - how the user manipulates the model through the view