## Redis (https://aws.amazon.com/redis/)

Remote Dictionary Server
key-value data store for use as a 
  <ul>
  <li>database
  <li>cache
  <li>message broker
  <li>queue
  </ul>

It's in-memory (not stored on disk or SSD)

## What is a queue? (https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-is-a-queue)

Queue: places elements in a sequence, similar to a stack.
Uses First-In, First-Out (FIFO) method
First element enqueued will be the first one to be dequeued.

    Enqueue() — Inserts an element to the end of the queue
    Dequeue() — Removes an element from the start of the queue
    isEmpty() — Returns true if queue is empty
    Top() — Returns the first element of the queue

## Redis in Action: Task queues (https://redislabs.com/ebook/part-2-core-concepts/chapter-6-application-components-in-redis/6-4-task-queues/)

Multiple request from web clients, tasks are deferred and go into a queue to be processed later.
There are task queue softwares like ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Gearman, Amazon SQS, etc.

## First-in, first-out queues (https://redislabs.com/ebook/part-2-core-concepts/chapter-6-application-components-in-redis/6-4-task-queues/6-4-1-first-in-first-out-queues/)

FIFO and LIFO (Last in, first out)

Latency: The time is data to be transferred between source and destination (measured in milliseconds)

Serialization: translating the data structure into a format that can be stored or transmitted and then changed back to original structure again later.

BLPOP: first LIST with items will have one popped from the front
BRPOP: last one will have one popped

## BULL (https://optimalbits.github.io/bull/)

Bull is a Node library that implements a fast and robust queue system based on redis

    $ npm install bull --save
    $ yarn add bull

In order to save: must also have a Redis server running
localhost:6379 is default

Create a queue by instantiating a Bull instance:

    const myFirstQueue = new Bull('my-first-queue');

A queue instance can normally have 3 roles: job producer, job consumer, and/or events listener
one instance can be used for three roles, but normally the producer and consumer are divided into several instances
can have many producers, consumers, and listeners
queues have async communication
more than one worker can be working on jobs in queues using either FIFO/LIFO/Priorities

producers add jobs/tasks to the queue.
consumers processes jobs/tasks. When idle, the process method will be called and do something.
listeners are just a way to be notified when a tasks is processed.

Bull Lifecycle: 
<ul>
<li>Job added by producer and it is either in "wait" or "delay" status (there is a timeout or it needs to be promoted to be processed).
<li>Jobs go to an "active" state which are jobs that are being processed at the moment. This ends with either "completed" or "failed".
</ul>

Stalled Jobs - a job where the process function takes too long and worker is unsure if queue is still working on the job. It can be processed by another idle worker or moved to "failed" status.

