## Architectural Styles & Architectural Patterns (https://medium.com/@mlbors/architectural-styles-and-architectural-patterns-c240f7df88a0#:~:text=Architectural%20Patterns%20VS%20Design%20Patterns&text=In%20a%20few%20words%2C%20while,and%20mechanisms%20of%20a%20system.)

Architectural Pattern: a recurring solution to a recurring problem. Helps us to understand how the major parts of the system fit together and how messages and data flow through the system.

Design Pattern: impact a specific section of the code base (vs Architectural Patterns, which are high-level strategies that concern large-scale components, the global props and mechanisms of a system).

Architectural Styles: a recurrant Architectural Design. Doesn't solve a problem. 

Idiom: low-level pattern specific to a programming language. Described how to implement particular aspect of the components/relationships between them using the features of a given language.

Layered Architecture, eg: 
<ul>
<li>Presentation layer or UI layer</li>
<li>Application layer or Service layer</li>
<li>Business logic layer or Domain layer</li>
<li>Data access layer or Persistence layer</li>
</ul>

MVC Model View Controller is a LAYERED ARCHITECTURE (each layer only focuses on one role):
<ul>
<li>Model layer: just above the database and sometimes contains some business logic. </li>
<li>View Layer: the top layer and corresponds to what the final user sees. </li>
<li>Controller layer: in the middle and in charge to send data from the Model to the View and vice versa.</li>
</ul>

EDA (Event-Driven Architecture).

Emitter: event source. Only knows that the event has occurred. 
Consumer: needs to know an even has occurred. Has the responsibility of applying a reaction as soon as an event is presented. Can be multiples of these. 

DDD (Domain-Driven Design): object-oriented approach. Designed around the BUSINESS DOMAIN: set of classes that represent objects. 

Domain Driven Design eases communication and improves flexibility. More a way of looking at things than an actual way to code. 

Filter: transforms the data it receives through Pipes with which it is connected. Can have many input Pipes and many output Pipes.

Pipe: connector that passes data from one Filter to the next.

Microservices: instead of building one single big monolithic application, to create several tiny programs. Each must be independent of each other.

## Container and Presentation Pattern (https://alchemycodelab.github.io/fsjs-notes/05_react/patterns/container_presentation/)

containers: stateful components that contain your business login
presentations: stateless components that present your data

## Component Details (https://alchemycodelab.github.io/fsjs-notes/05_react/patterns/container_presentation/container-details)

Container components: responsible for specifying how a section of the application works. They manage state, fetch data from APIs, and set up event handlers.

## Presentation Details (https://alchemycodelab.github.io/fsjs-notes/05_react/patterns/container_presentation/presentation-details)

Presentation components are responsible for specifying how a section of our page looks. 

Written as functional components
Need to pass props in, use PropTypes

## functional vs class components (https://medium.com/@Zwenza/functional-vs-class-components-in-react-231e3fbd7108)

different synthax, obv

class component requires you to extend from React.Component and create a render function which returns a React element

a functional component is just a plain JavaScript function, you cannot use setState() in this component. NO STATE.

use functional components if you are writing a presentational component which doesn’t have its own state, otherwise use class components

## Conditional Rendering (https://reactjs.org/docs/conditional-rendering.html)

can use conditionals to render to the DOM in react
can embed expressions in JSX by wrapping them in curlies